Steps to create a new project

1. Download nessesary tools
    a. bun (npm substitute) - do this at bun.sh
        1. go to installation on bun.sh and follow the documentation to download it 
    b. go to installation section on ui.shadcn.com and download it with Next.js (but use bun instead of npm)
            a. make sure to write the name of your application in your command line
        2. navigate into the directory created from that command
            open project in vscode
        3. run the command "bun run dev" to start the server
        4. continue with the documentation on ui.shadcn.com to create your project
            a. change the title in the layout.tsx file
    c. go to supabase.com and start a project and open your dashboard
        1. setup the project, once it is done then get the project API Keys
            a. save the anon public key and the secret key
        2. Then go to the authentication tab on the left
            a. go to providers and enable what you want - good ones are github, google, and email
                1. to enable github, you need a client id and a client secret
                    a. go to your github profile and go to settings. Then go to developer settings and create a new OAuth app
                        1. set the homepage url to your project url (get this from supabase - should be localhost:3000 or somethig like that)
                        2. set the authorization callback url to your project url/api/auth/callback/github
                        3. save the client id and client secret
                        4. register the application and then fill in the info on supabase
                2. to eable google, you need a client id and a client secret
                    a. go to the google cloud console and create a new project
                        1. go to APIs and Services and then go to the OAuth consent screen (select external), and then create and fill in email stuff
                        2. go to credentials and create a new OAuth client id
                            a. set the redirect uri to your project from supabase (get link in supabase)
                            b. save the client id and client secret
                            c. fill in the info on supabase
        3. go to supabase documentation and follow documentation on https://supabase.com/docs/guides/auth/server-side/creating-a-client
            a. to get info for the .env file, go to project settings in supabase, then fo to API under the configuration tab
        4. start building out the login page in auth.tsx

SUPABASE SSR
https://supabase.com/docs/guides/auth/server-side/creating-a-client